Update using-alias-types.md (#7059)
dotnet/csharplang: proposals/using-alias-types.md

using_alias_directive
+    : 'using' 'unsafe'? identifier '=' (namespace_name | type) ';'
    ;
    
using_static_directive
+    : 'using' 'unsafe'? 'static' type_name ';'
    ;

> + The 'unsafe' keyword specified in the alias or static directive causes the entire textual extent of the 'type' or 'type_name' portion (not the 'namespace_name' portion) to become an unsafe context. 
> + 'unsafe' can only be used with an using_alias_directive or using_static_directive, not a using_directive.

Author: ```suggestion
+ 'unsafe' can only be used with an using_alias_directive or using_static_directive, not a using_directive.
+ The 'unsafe' keyword specified in the alias or static directive causes the entire textual extent of the 'type' or 'type_name' portion (not the 'namespace_name' portion) to become an unsafe context. 
```

> + The 'unsafe' keyword specified in the alias or static directive causes the entire textual extent of the 'type' or 'type_name' portion (not the 'namespace_name' portion) to become an unsafe context. 

Author: ```suggestion
+ The 'unsafe' keyword present in a 'using_alias_directive' causes the entire textual extent of the 'type' portion (not the 'namespace_name' portion) to become an unsafe context. 
+ The 'unsafe' keyword present in a 'using_static_directive' causes the entire textual extent of the 'type_name' portion to become an unsafe context. 
```
